1436790/1438462: Part 5: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10259)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/variables/variable-declaration.md

' In the preceding statement, l and m are Long, x and y are Single.  
```  
  

>  For more information on data types, see [Data Types](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/data-types/index.md). For more information on objects, see [Objects and Classes](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/index.md) and [Programming with Components](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/0ffkdtkf(v=vs.140)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information on data types, see [Data Types](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/data-types/index.md). For more information on objects, see [Objects and Classes](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/index.md) and [Programming with Components](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2013/0ffkdtkf(v=vs.120)).  
```
